# Note-Taker-App
[Heroku Link generated by Heroku](https://git.heroku.com/dry-anchorage-72556.git)

(Not sure if below link was needed, but instructions say to have deployed at live url.) 
[GitHub Pages](https://ffirgin.github.io/Note-Taker-App/)

## Description

The following project is used as a Note Taking App. Upon launching the app, you are able to click on "Get Started". This will take you to a page to begin entering in your Note tile and text.

## Installation

You will need to:
`npm i express`

## Usage

If you're needing a centralized place to store notes for yourself, you can use this app! You can also use it to store grocery list items, TO:DOs that you need to get done, and so many more things.

To save your notes, after inputting the title and text, click the save icon in the top right corner.

## Credits

Mony Sary for helping me get the delete functionality working.

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) [2022] [Griffin Hobbs]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---